chore: Update to OpenTelemetry 0.31.0 (#8922)
apollographql/router: .changesets/maint_bryn_otel_0_31_migration.md

### Update to Otel 0.31.0 ([PR #8922](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/8922))

The Router now uses Otel 0.31.0. This update includes many bug fixes and performance improvements from upstream. 

> The Router does not guarantee the stability of downstream pre 1.0 APIs so users that directly interact with OTel must update their code accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update to OpenTelemetry 0.31.0 ([PR #8922](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/8922))

The Router now uses v0.31.0 of the OpenTelemetry Rust libraries. This update includes many bug fixes and performance improvements from upstream. 

The Router does not guarantee the stability of downstream pre 1.0 APIs so users that directly interact with OpenTelemetry must update their code accordingly.
```

I could go either way on this but we mostly write out OpenTelemetry instead of OTel in our docs so i think it's good to match that in the changeset.
